Team 1
Meeting 2
oct 8 2013 1330- 1400
attending:
Eddie Tai, Gerald Manweiler, Haiming Wang, Jesse Chu, Jesse Huard, Reggie Miller

Discussion:
- all members have read project sescription
- all members know due date for Part 2 is Oct 23rd
- Haiming requested all meeting minutes on project wiki
- next ta/group meeting Oct 15th in lab
- group to record progress periodically via use of github and wiki
- group to start using issue tracking system
- Haiming suggested using en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQl structure as template for project wiki
- Haiming suggested using Gantt chart to schedule /plan
- Haiming suggested uploading Gannt Chart to wiki for tracking purposes by mon 14th Oct
- Haiming sending follow up email

- group question about spec:
	"post and publish photo's to annotate, but will not be fragemnt ilustration"
	answer (Haiming): track as an open issue

to do:
upload all meeting minutes to wiki 
create and upload Gantt chart to wiki
